Add new example with pynautobot (#53)
networktocode/diffsync: examples/example3/README.md

# Example 3

> This is a simple example to show how DiffSync can be used to compare and synchronize data with a remote system like via a REST API like Nautobot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple example to show how DiffSync can be used to compare and synchronize data with a remote system like [Nautobot](https://nautobot.readthedocs.io) via a REST API.
```

For this example, we have a shared model for Region and Country defined in `models.py`.

> A Country must be associated with a Region and can be part of a Subregion too.

Reviewer: I'm not sure the Subregion adds much to this example, and I find it a bit confusing - it looks like a "Subregion" is just used as the `description` of the constructed Country `region`? But Nautobot supports nesting of `region`s, so why not assign the Country directly to the most relevant "sub-"`region` instead of the more general base `Region`?

Author: Somewhat agreed, I was just looking for a field to update that is not part of the identifier ...  
I'll update the example to create a custom field under dcim.site to store the population per country

Reviewer: Sounds good, I think that'll be clearer. Thanks!

The comparison and synchronization of dataset is done between a local JSON file and the [public instance of Nautobot](https://demo.nautobot.com).

## Install the requirements

to use this example you must have some dependencies installed, please make sure to run 
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Try the example

> The first time a lot of changes should be reported between Nautobot and the local data because by default the demo instance doesn't have the subregion define.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first time you run this example, a lot of changes should be reported between Nautobot and the local data because by default the demo instance doesn't have the subregion defined.
```

Would be good to include a snippet of sample output here as well.

> After the first sync, the diff should show no difference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the first sync, on subsequent runs, the diff should show no changes. 
```
